Consider `@rename` when picking the value of a key in `@cache` (#2155)
nuwave/lighthouse: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixed

> - Allow `@cacheKey` with `@rename` https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/2155

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consider `@rename` to pick the value of a key in `@cache` https://github.com/nuwave/lighthouse/pull/2155
```
